track encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel Encode RNA-Seq
longLabel Encode RNA-Seq expression
superTrack on hide
visibility hide
group expression
priority 10


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnencodeRnaSeq
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel Combined ENCODE Alns
longLabel Combined ENCODE Alignments
priority 1.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/encodeRnaSeq.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronencodeRnaSeq
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel Combined ENCODE Introns
longLabel Combined ENCODE Introns
itemRgb on
priority 1.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/encodeRnaSeq.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqencodeRnaSeq
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel Combined ENCODE Juncs
longLabel Combined ENCODE Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 1.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/encodeRnaSeq.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF000IMA
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IMA Alns
longLabel ENCFF000IMA Alignments
priority 2.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF000IMA.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF000IMA
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IMA Introns
longLabel ENCFF000IMA Introns
itemRgb on
priority 2.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IMA.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF000IMA
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IMA Juncs
longLabel ENCFF000IMA Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 2.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IMA.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF000IMC
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IMC Alns
longLabel ENCFF000IMC Alignments
priority 3.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF000IMC.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF000IMC
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IMC Introns
longLabel ENCFF000IMC Introns
itemRgb on
priority 3.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IMC.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF000IMC
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IMC Juncs
longLabel ENCFF000IMC Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 3.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IMC.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF000INM
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000INM Alns
longLabel ENCFF000INM Alignments
priority 4.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF000INM.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF000INM
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000INM Introns
longLabel ENCFF000INM Introns
itemRgb on
priority 4.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000INM.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF000INM
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000INM Juncs
longLabel ENCFF000INM Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 4.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000INM.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF000INN
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000INN Alns
longLabel ENCFF000INN Alignments
priority 5.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF000INN.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF000INN
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000INN Introns
longLabel ENCFF000INN Introns
itemRgb on
priority 5.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000INN.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF000INN
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000INN Juncs
longLabel ENCFF000INN Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 5.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000INN.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF000IOD
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IOD Alns
longLabel ENCFF000IOD Alignments
priority 6.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF000IOD.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF000IOD
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IOD Introns
longLabel ENCFF000IOD Introns
itemRgb on
priority 6.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IOD.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF000IOD
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IOD Juncs
longLabel ENCFF000IOD Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 6.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IOD.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF000IOP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IOP Alns
longLabel ENCFF000IOP Alignments
priority 7.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF000IOP.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF000IOP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IOP Introns
longLabel ENCFF000IOP Introns
itemRgb on
priority 7.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IOP.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF000IOP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IOP Juncs
longLabel ENCFF000IOP Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 7.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IOP.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF000IQQ
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IQQ Alns
longLabel ENCFF000IQQ Alignments
priority 8.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF000IQQ.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF000IQQ
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IQQ Introns
longLabel ENCFF000IQQ Introns
itemRgb on
priority 8.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IQQ.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF000IQQ
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IQQ Juncs
longLabel ENCFF000IQQ Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 8.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IQQ.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF000IQR
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IQR Alns
longLabel ENCFF000IQR Alignments
priority 9.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF000IQR.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF000IQR
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IQR Introns
longLabel ENCFF000IQR Introns
itemRgb on
priority 9.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IQR.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF000IQR
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF000IQR Juncs
longLabel ENCFF000IQR Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 9.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF000IQR.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF016TGP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF016TGP Alns
longLabel ENCFF016TGP Alignments
priority 10.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF016TGP.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF016TGP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF016TGP Introns
longLabel ENCFF016TGP Introns
itemRgb on
priority 10.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF016TGP.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF016TGP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF016TGP Juncs
longLabel ENCFF016TGP Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 10.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF016TGP.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF034BHU
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF034BHU Alns
longLabel ENCFF034BHU Alignments
priority 11.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF034BHU.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF034BHU
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF034BHU Introns
longLabel ENCFF034BHU Introns
itemRgb on
priority 11.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF034BHU.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF034BHU
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF034BHU Juncs
longLabel ENCFF034BHU Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 11.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF034BHU.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF138HQU
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF138HQU Alns
longLabel ENCFF138HQU Alignments
priority 12.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF138HQU.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF138HQU
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF138HQU Introns
longLabel ENCFF138HQU Introns
itemRgb on
priority 12.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF138HQU.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF138HQU
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF138HQU Juncs
longLabel ENCFF138HQU Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 12.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF138HQU.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF456MMS
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF456MMS Alns
longLabel ENCFF456MMS Alignments
priority 13.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF456MMS.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF456MMS
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF456MMS Introns
longLabel ENCFF456MMS Introns
itemRgb on
priority 13.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF456MMS.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF456MMS
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF456MMS Juncs
longLabel ENCFF456MMS Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 13.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF456MMS.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF482SFO
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF482SFO Alns
longLabel ENCFF482SFO Alignments
priority 14.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF482SFO.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF482SFO
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF482SFO Introns
longLabel ENCFF482SFO Introns
itemRgb on
priority 14.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF482SFO.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF482SFO
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF482SFO Juncs
longLabel ENCFF482SFO Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 14.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF482SFO.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF850ZLY
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF850ZLY Alns
longLabel ENCFF850ZLY Alignments
priority 15.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF850ZLY.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF850ZLY
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF850ZLY Introns
longLabel ENCFF850ZLY Introns
itemRgb on
priority 15.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF850ZLY.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF850ZLY
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF850ZLY Juncs
longLabel ENCFF850ZLY Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 15.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF850ZLY.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF960DLP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF960DLP Alns
longLabel ENCFF960DLP Alignments
priority 16.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF960DLP.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF960DLP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF960DLP Introns
longLabel ENCFF960DLP Introns
itemRgb on
priority 16.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF960DLP.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF960DLP
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF960DLP Juncs
longLabel ENCFF960DLP Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 16.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF960DLP.juncs.bigBed


################################################################################
track encodeRnaSeqAlnENCFF993CAL
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF993CAL Alns
longLabel ENCFF993CAL Alignments
priority 17.0
type bam
maxItems 1000000
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/bams/ENCFF993CAL.bam

track encodeRnaSeqIntronENCFF993CAL
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF993CAL Introns
longLabel ENCFF993CAL Introns
itemRgb on
priority 17.1
type bigBed 9
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF993CAL.introns.bigBed

track encodeRnaSeqENCFF993CAL
parent encodeRnaSeq
shortLabel ENCFF993CAL Juncs
longLabel ENCFF993CAL Junctions
itemRgb on
priority 17.2
type bigBed 12
visibility hide
bigDataUrl encodeRnaSeq/introns/ENCFF993CAL.juncs.bigBed


